---
layout: ../layouts/Layout.astro
title: 'About'
author: 'Ben Smith'
---
import { Image } from '@astrojs/image/components';

# About

<Image src={import('@assets/my-background.jpeg')} alt='Me!' />

## My Background

I grew up in the San Francisco Bay Area before heading off to UC Irvine
in Southern California. I am currently pursuing a Bachelor of Science in
Informatics within the School of Information and Computer Sciences. My
interest in software development began during the summer after my
freshman year of high school where I decided to take an online
introductory Java course through San Jose State University for fun. I
enrolled in a Python class at my high school the following year to
increase my knowledge of programming and have access to a mentor who had
worked with Python for many years. From there, it wasn't until 2018
that I rekindled my love of programming.

I started off my college career as a Mechanical Engineering student.
However, midway through my second year I decided to switch my focus
towards pursuing a degree in Informatics, as I found myself being more
intrigued by software design than engineering. I began re-learning
Python through UCI's intro series of programming courses, and then
decided last summer to pursue web development as my future career.
Through the courses that I've taken in Informatics and exploration that
I have done on my own, I developed a strong passion for interface
design, specifically in the world of web technologies. My main goal as a
front-end developer is to successfully combine usability-focused
interfaces with clean and aesthetic design.

<Image src={import('@assets/coffee.jpeg')} alt='Me drinking coffee' />

## When I'm Not Coding

Regardless of whether I'm coding or just hanging out, you'll probably
catch me with a cup of coffee in my hand. I find so much joy in brewing
coffee with my Hario V60 pour over, Aeropress, or Moka Pot. The coffee
not only keeps me fueled and motivated to keep working, but also serves
as an intentional and relaxing start to my day.

If I'm by myself, I'll likely be wearing a pair of headphones. I have
music on in the background of most everything that I do. Music brings me
life whether I'm working, relaxing, or intentionally listening. On
Saturday mornings, I will be up early on my couch with a cup of coffee
in hand watching Manchester United play. I grew up playing soccer, and
while I don't get the opportunity to play as much anymore, I still
avidly follow the English Premier League.

<Image src={import('@assets/friends.jpeg')} alt='Me and my college friends' />

## Looking Forward

As I look toward my quickly approaching graduation from UCI, I am
focused on learning as much as I can about front-end web development and
improving my skills with designing beautiful and intuitive interfaces.
In the projects that I have been blessed with the opportunity to work
on, I have found so much satisfaction from seeing the joy on the faces
of my clients and users once they have seen the improvements made to the
interfaces that they interact with daily.
