---
title: Dean Lipsitz
draft: true
---
I began work on this project in August of 2019 when a family friend
reached out to me looking for someone to build a website for him. He
wanted to make his services, references, and contact information more
readily available for his current and future clients. The final site was
built using Wordpress so that he would have easy access to the content
if he ever wanted to make changes by himself in the future.

When I began work on the project, I built the first design using just
plain HTML, CSS, and JavaScript as it was a fairly simple site. Once the
original design and implementation was completed, I advised my client
about which hosting plans to choose from. However, I forgot to make the
distinction between a basic shared hosting plan and a Wordpress hosting
plan. As a result, my client ended up purchasing a basic Wordpress plan
that came with Wordpress pre-installed into the hosting package. Once we
realized that the site I had built would not be compatible with the plan
that he had purchased, I decided that migrating the site to Wordpress
would be the best course of action in order to make it easier for him to
edit the content in the future.

Once we made the decision to move the site to Wordpress, I was met with
the challenge of whether I should port the same exact design I already
had over into Wordpress or start with a fresh Wordpress theme and
redesign the site. I chose to go with the latter option as I did not
have enough previous PHP experience and I wanted to make sure that we
could get the website pushed live in a timely manner. After much trial
and error in finding a good theme to start with, I finally settled on
one and was able to redesign the website and push it live.

[See the finished site ->](https://deanlipsitz.com)
