---
title: Healing Odyssey
draft: true
---
During my fall quarter of 2019, I began a course at UCI called _Project
in System Software Design_, where I worked with a non-profit
organization called Healing Odyssey to modernize the design of their
website. My team and I spent our quarter in weekly meetings eliciting
requirements from our client and updating them with our progress on
different features or aspects of the project that they had requested us
to work on. We picked up where a previous quarter's group had left off,
working on the client's Wordpress site. While the previous group was
able to add an e-commerce store to the client's site, they did not
create a very intuitive and clean layout for that store. My teammates
had to spend a large portion of the quarter fixing some of the leftover
bugs and issues that the previous group had left. We also spent a few
weeks trying to consolidate the large amount of pages and posts that
they had into a much smaller number by building out a full sitemap of
the existing site and finding ways to combine the content of multiple
pages into one. Through this process, we were also able to completely
overhaul the information hierarchy of their navigation structure, in
order to make the site much easier to navigate.

I spent the majority of the quarter creating prototypes and mockups of
different design ideas that I had for different aspects of the
interface, before finishing off the quarter implementing all of the
design changes that were approved by the client. I primarily utilized
paper drawings for the low-fidelity prototypes that I presented to the
client, before spending a lot of my time in Adobe XD creating
high-fidelity mockups and a style guide for the site to follow in order
to make elements across all pages consistent and clean. After having my
high-fidelity mockups approved, I went forward with implementing all of
my changes into the site itself. The client was somewhat tied to the
original design of their site, which was not mobile friendly at all, so
I was unfortunately unable to optimize the redesign for mobile given the
constraints from the client on my redesigns. However, the desktop site
is live and available now.

[See the redesigned site ->](https://healingodyssey.net/)
